F.A.Q

How do i make my own levels?
----------------------------
Thanks to my versatile collision detection all you need to do to make you own level is draw
coloured lines depending on how you want Luigi to interact with the level. A red colour(12)
should be drawn on anything that you want Luigi to be able to stand on or anything Luigi
should not be able to walk through. A red colour (4) should be drawn on anything that Luigi
should hit his head on while jumping. A width of 1 pixel for the red lines is sufficient
however not completely reliable. For the level's I created i used a width of 2 pixels
which works about 98% of the time.To add sprites to your levels such as coins or stars
simply alter the coordinates of the already defined variables. Music can also be changed 
by altering the name of the music defined in the Play.File command
 
What do I do if when I try to run the program is says illegal picture ID?                                     
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------                                         
If there is an illegal picture idea it means the picture was never created. 
There are several reasons why this may happen; the file name may be wrong or 
the directory location may be wrong. Make sure all picture ID's match the picture 
names in the picture directory and make sure that the SuperLuigiWorld file is saved 
onto the desktop or an appropriate directory.


Luigi jumps to high, what should I do?                                                                                      
--------------------------------------                                                                                      
Luigi's jump height and speed are determined by two different variable 'gravity' 
and 'velocity'. Luigi jumps in a parabolic shape going higher and higher by smaller 
amounts until the amounts he goes up by becomes negative and he begins to go down. 
'Velocity' determines the amount Luigi initially goes up by. Gravity determines the 
amount velocity decreases by every second. Either velocity is too high or gravity is 
to low if Luigi is jumping to high. Luigi jumping to far horizontally could also be a 
similair problem encountered. This would occur because the value of motion [which is 
the value Luigi moves horizontally] is to large. Decreasing the motion variable would
solve this problem


I went off the screen and now i can't move, why is this?                                                          
 -------------------------------------------------------                                                          
You have probably discovered a whole in the collision detection or were using test 
mode. This happens because the program refreshes by constantly redrawing the background 
foreground and Luigi, however once Luigi walks off the screen the background can no 
longer reset the image and the previous images remain left on the screen. It is 
possible that two red images were drawn around Luigi at the last reset and thus
 he can no long move back or forth.


Every time I jump onto a high ledge I hit the corner and fall through?                                                              
-----------------------------------------------------------------------                                                        
The problem with creating sideways horizontal collision detection near the feat is
 sometimes the horizontal collision detection interferes with collision detection 
that makes Luigi run. For this reason we had to make the horizontal collision detection 
start 4 pixels above his feat so if Luigi hits something red within those 4 pixels he 
will not stop which can cause him to fall through the floor. There isn’t much that can 
be done about this problem.
